宝马中国服务招聘

Advanced Specialist Big Data Engineer AD
20-35K
上海
5-10年
本科

职位描述：
自动驾驶大数据工程师
Major Responsibilities                                              
 
Design, deployment and improvement of distributed, big data systems targeting automated driving applications for a cloud environment.
Tasking the development and improvement of off-board backend big data applications and related communication protocols targeting automated driving use cases.       
Management and structuring of requirements provided by BMW's AD development teams regarding the big data AD Platform.   
Steering of BMW China AD development teams and external cooperation partners (big Chinese Tech-Player) regarding data driven development.   
Review, monitor and report the status of own project.    
Support in the budget planning process for the organization unit.      
Research, recommend, design and develop our Big Data Architecture. Ensures system, technical and product architectures are aligned with China data platform strategy. 
                                                                       
Qualifications                                                                                                                    
    
Master/ Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Information Technology or another related field or Equivalent.
Good communication skills, good language skills in English (written and oral); German language skills optional.
Industry experience with developing and managing enterprise workloads on Cloud Service Provider such as AWS, Alibaba Cloud or similar.
Experience in creating and managing production scale Kubernetes clusters using AWS EKS, Alibaba ACK or similar.
Knowledge and experience in monitoring and alerting cluster using open source monitoring tools like Opensearch, Grafana, Prometheus or similar.
Familiar with CI/CD tools, like Jenkins, TerraForm, and Ansible.
Knowledge and experience in Relational Databases like PostgreSQL, mySQL, MariaDB, etc.
Experience with scheduling tools is a plus, like Airflow and Argos preferred.                                                                                        
Experience in building and maintaining data quality standards and processes. 
Strong background working with Linux/UNIX environments including shell scripting.
Experience with development of big data or backend applications. Familiar with at least one of programming language of Java/Python/Scala.
Experience with other NoSQL databases is a plus, like Elasticsearch and MongoDB preferred.
Solid communication skills with ability to communicate sophisticated technical concepts and align on decisions with global and China local partners.
Passion to stay on top of the latest happenings in the tech world and an attitude to discuss and bring those into play.
